- talk about how separating pygplate operations and then comparing your code gave same results but using full pygplates reconstruction gave different results
  - solution was that plotting libs like cartopy expect data in lon,lat and i assumed pygplates also needs it in lon,lat form. so when i parsed data as lat,lon then flipped it to lon,lat before plotting it worked. 
  - seems like this is might be a common problem (prof can correct me) with geojson, plotting libraries, web mapping apis using lon,lat while other things like esri use lat,lon. also lon,lat corresponds to xy coord order
- position of india continent different still
  - using identity matrix if the range is outside of begin and end ranges 
  - this snippet from gplates doc
    - A relative rotation is the rotation of one plate relative to another plate (as opposed to the anchored plate). Note that, like equivalent rotations, the plate circuit edge path can consist of one or more edges. For example, the rotation of plate 801 relative to plate 291 follows an edge path that goes via plates 202, 201, 701 and 802. However it should be noted that if the edge between 001 and 701 did not exist then, even though a path would still exist between 291 and 801, the relative rotation (and equivalent rotations of 291 and 801 for that matter) would be an identity rotation. This is because the sub-tree below 001 would not get built into the reconstruction tree and hence all plates in the sub-tree would be missing. This can happen when the rotation sequence for a moving/fixed plate pair (eg, 701/101) does not span a large enough time period. You can work around this situation by setting the anchor plate to the relative plate (eg, 291 in the above example).
  - but still different
  - show case where there are multiple paths from given plate id to anchor plate but some of them are not defined for the correct range
  -  lon,lat crossing antimeridian and should cross behind the globe. lon -180 and 180 are right next to each other in reality but because we have 2d globe picture they are on opposite sides. the correct display is to have the -180 point go off the edge of the left and 180 go towards the right side of the map. however they are going across the globe so starting at -180 to -175 to 0 to 180 instead of -180->180. 